Update and expand Build System feature module documentation (#887)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/build-system/cli.md

# Command line interface

> The build system also exposes a command line interface (CLI) that you can use to start worker builds. This is useful for building your project on a headless machine or in a continuous integration context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build system exposes a command line interface (CLI) that you can use to build your GDK for Unity workers. This is useful for building your project on a headless machine or in a continuous integration context.
```
